docs: update readme and documents layout [skip ci] (#99)
red-hat-storage/lvm-operator: doc/user-guide/alt-deploy.md

## Deploying via olm

- Clone the repo
```
git clone git@github.com:red-hat-storage/lvm-operator.git && cd lvm-operator
```

### Deploying pre-built images

> - Quick install using pre-built container images via OLM.

Reviewer: There are no pre-built images at present.

Author: ack, remove this section or temporarily push images to somewhere accessible?

```

> make deploy-with-olm

Reviewer: This requires CATALOG_IMG to be set.

Author: - this was for pre-built images and as there's no pre-built images, will remove this section.

```

- This creates:
    - a custom CatalogSource
    - a new openshift-storage Namespace
    - an OperatorGroup
    - a Subscription to the catalog in openshift-storage namespace

- You can check the status of the CSV using the following command:

```
kubectl get csv -n openshift-storage
```

> - This can take a few minutes. Once PHASE state is Succeeded you can create
> a LVMCluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Once the CSV PHASE is Succeeded you can create
a LVMCluster.  This can take a few minutes.
```
